So here's my solution for this,
of course it's up to you which content you want to pass.
But I chose to pass the following paragraph, so a very simple content,
this is the content because it's not really about the content
as you probably recognized. I'll do the same for the green and for the red component as the first part
of this exercise
and of course we need a slot to now display this.
We could use named slots if we would pass more complicated content which you want to distribute in several
different pieces in this target template and that will be a great challenge for you, I'll
keep it simple and I will use one slot here,
the default slot. I'll do the same in all three templates here in all three components
and when I save this, we see this is the content in all three of them.
This is very nice
and this is already the first part of the exercise, using slots to display the content we're passing
in from outside
between the opening and closing selector. The other challenge was to now dynamically switch these components,
so I'm going to comment this out so that we have it for reference but now, I want to store the currently
active component in a data property here in the data field.
So I'll add data and return an object in my function here
and in this object I'm returning here,
I'll again have let's say my selected component key, this name is totally up to you,
you don't have to use selected component
and by default, I want to use app blue.
Now up here, I want to change this with click listeners of course,
so here I want to set selected component equal to blue
because this is the blue button
but on the other two buttons here, I want to change this to green, though of course that should be app blue
and app green and here, it should be app red.
So with this set up, it's time to add the dynamic component with the component keyword here or with this
built in component component
and there, we want to bind with colon is to the selected component property.
Now once I save that, we only see the blue one,
now let's still pass in this content here so that we see that too
and now I can switch between green and red and back to blue and that already is all I wanted to do in
this exercise.
With that, we practiced using dynamic components and slots and even the combination of both in the last
well part
we added here. With that,
let's continue.